This repository intends to create a personal record of my progress in the Udemy course "The complete elixir and phoenix Bootcamp and tutorial".

The course description:

Elixir and Phoenix are two of the hottest technologies of 2017.

Functional Programming? You will learn it.  Phoenix with OAuth? Its here.  Postgres for data storage? Of course! Websockets too!

This course will get you up and running with Elixir and Phoenix quickly, and teach you the core knowledge you need to deeply understand and build amazingly fast web applications.

We'll start by mastering the fundamentals of functional programming with Elixir, including functions, modules, and the fantastic 'pipe' operator.  You'll learn how FP differs from classic object oriented programming with a variety of different practical examples.  Once you have a solid understanding of Elixir, we'll discuss how to build amazingly fast applications with the Phoenix Framework with an in-depth app.  Source code is provided for each lecture, so you will always stay up-to-date with the course pacing.

If you are new to Elixir, or if you've been working to learn it but sometimes feel like you still don't quite 'get it', this is the Elixir course for you! To learn Elixir and Phoenix you have to understand them.

Learn how to use Elixir's built-in library to clean up your code
Master the differences between functional and object oriented programming
Grasp all of the different pieces of syntax in common Elixir programs
Build interesting and challenging projects that have practical uses
Develop a web app using Phoenix that can be expanded in a variety of different ways
Go behind the scenes of Phoenix and learn how the internals work
Master the OAuth flow by authenticating users with the Github Public OAuth service
Practice working with databases by integrating Postgres into your app
I've built the course that I would have wanted to take when I was learning Elixir and Phoenix. A course that explains the concepts and how they're implemented in the best order for you to learn and deeply understand them.

What are the requirements?

Basic understanding of another programming language - Javascript, Ruby, C#, PHP, or similar
What am I going to get from this course?

Think with a Functional Programming mindset
Use Phoenix to build compelling and FAST web apps
Understand common Elixir syntax and design patterns
Master the OAuth flow with Phoenix for authentication
Learn the hidden secrets of Phoenix
What is the target audience?

This course is for anyone looking to learn Elixir and Phoenix


If you are interested in the course, get more information here: 
> https://www.udemy.com/the-complete-elixir-and-phoenix-bootcamp-and-tutorial/learn/v4/overview
> https://github.com/StephenGrider/ElixirCode

The course is really well structured and with a good step-by-step approach.

